## IEEE International HOST 2022 - "Microelectronics Security Challenge: IP Security  Track"
This repository contains the implementation and solutions from the Champion Team "Gator Hardware Oriented Security Team (GHOST)"

#### Objective
The microelectronics security challenge at HOST aims to promote hardware security, provide the students with exposure to the community and prospective employers, and support interaction between academia and industry. Engineering disciplines such as Electrical and Computer Engineering and Computer Science are actively involved in ensuring the design, fabrication, and security of electronic hardware and providing a critical workforce to build and maintain the U.S. semiconductor supply chain. To promote security awareness among the students enrolled in engineering, it is essential to gain necessary hardware security skills such as a theoretical understanding of threats from untrusted semiconductor design, manufacturing, and test, and then design preventive measures to mitigate the threats. This microelectronics security challenge plans to include security assessments from intellectual properties (IP), system on a chip (SoC), and electronic supply chain.


#### IP Security Track (Track Co-Chairs: Jiafeng Xie and Aviv Barkai)
The threats toward hardware IP come from many malicious sources, including side-channel information leakage and fault injection attacks. The side-channel attacks using power analysis can expose a cryptosystem's secret and have been studied extensively over the past two decades. Differential power analysis exploits the correlation between leakage power with the input data. The fault attacks mainly refer to injecting malicious faults to the hardware IP by the hackers for possible critical message corruption/stealing. Both attacks are harmful to the hardware IP design community and have recently drawn significant attention from various parties. With this perspective, we propose launching a competition to enable the student community to analyze a vulnerable IP and then implement patches to address the threat.
